Adds Role Based Access-Control to the Alerting & Action plugins based on Kibana Feature Controls (#67157)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/plugins/alerts/README.md

});
```

## Role Based Access-Control
Once you have registered your AlertType, you need to grant your users privileges to use it.
When registering a feature in Kibana you can specify multiple types of privileges which are granted to users when they're assigned certain roles.

Assuming your feature introduces its own AlertTypes, you'll want to control:
- Which roles have all/read privileges for these AlertTypes when they're inside the feature
- Which roles have all/read privileges for these AlertTypes when they're outside the feature (in another feature or in the global alerts management)

> In addition, when users are inside your feature you might want to grant them access to AlertTypes from other features, such as built-in AlertTypes or AlertTypes provided by other features.

Author: Yeah, it's confusing, no worries.

It works like this:
Producer privilege throughout Kibana & Consumer privilege to create built-in types in Alerts Management are automatic.
Consumer privilege to create built-in types in a consumer that isn't Alerts Management is **not** automatic.

We did this so that:
1. Gaining `all` access to create alerts in `siem`, for example, doesn't automatically grant you the right to create any built-in with `siem` as consumer- as that might mean that if they run a `find` for all `siem` alerts they'll get back AlertTypes they don't support or expect.
2. What if `siem` do actually want to allow a built-in type, but only to a certain role or as a sub-privilege? We'd have to provide for that and doing so automatically now isn't something we can (necessarily) easily dial back, so best to keep this explicit for now (I think).

> In addition, when users are inside your feature you might want to grant them access to AlertTypes from other features, such as built-in AlertTypes or AlertTypes provided by other features.

Reviewer: Thanks, I'll process this soon.

It looks like @kobelb has a similar question as well: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/43994#issuecomment-642929976.

It's important to note that any role can be granted a mix of `all` and `read` privileges accross multiple type, for example:

```
features.registerFeature({
      id: 'my-application-id',
      name: 'My Application',
      app: [],
      privileges: {
        all: {
          alerting: {
            all: ['my-application-id.my-alert-type', 'my-application-id.my-restricted-alert-type'],
          },
        },
        read: {
          alerting: {
			all:['my-application-id.my-alert-type']
            read: ['my-application-id.my-restricted-alert-type'],
          },
        },
      },

>     });

Reviewer: Same here in regards to identation.

```

In the above example, you note that instead of denying users with the `read` role any access to the `my-application-id.my-restricted-alert-type` type, we've decided that these users _should_ be granted `read` privileges over the _resitricted_ AlertType.

> As part of that same change, we also decided that not only should they be allowed to `read` the _restricted_ AlertType, but actually, despite having `read` privileges to the feature as a whole, we do actualyl want to allow them to create our basic 'my-application-id.my-alert-type' AlertType, as we consider it an extension of _reading_ data in our feature, rather than _writing_ it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of that same change, we also decided that not only should they be allowed to `read` the _restricted_ AlertType, but actually, despite having `read` privileges to the feature as a whole, we do actually want to allow them to create our basic 'my-application-id.my-alert-type' AlertType, as we consider it an extension of _reading_ data in our feature, rather than _writing_ it.
```

### `read` privileges vs. `all` privileges
When a user is granted the `read` role in the Alerting Framework, they will be able to execute the following api calls:
- get
- getAlertState
- find

> When a user is granted the `all` role in the Alerting Framework, they will be able to execute al lof the `read` privileged api calls, but in addition they'll be granted the following calls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user is granted the `all` role in the Alerting Framework, they will be able to execute all of the `read` privileged api calls, but in addition they'll be granted the following calls:
```

- `create`
- `delete`
- `update`
- `enable`
- `disable`
- `updateApiKey`
- `muteAll`
- `unmuteAll`
- `muteInstance`
- `unmuteInstance`

Finally, all users, whether they're granted any role or not, are privileged to call the following:
- `listAlertTypes`, but the output is limited to displaying the AlertTypes the user is perivileged to `get`

> Attempting to execute any operation the user isn't privileged to execute will result in an Authorization error throws by the AlertsClient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attempting to execute any operation the user isn't privileged to execute will result in an Authorization error thrown by the AlertsClient.
```
